new notes (#55)
cardano-lightning/cardano-lightning: docs/meeting-notes/2025-02-11.md

---
title: "2025-02-11 Weekly"
attendees:
  - "@paluh"
  - "@waalge"
---

## Actionables

<!-- || - [ ] {{OWNER}} - {{DEADLINE}} - {{DESCRIPTION}} -->

- [ ] @paluh - 2025-18-02 - Benchmark close txs + short blog post

- [ ] @paluh - 2025-18-02 - Respond step implementation

- [ ] @waalge - 2025-18-02 - Full C4 diagram first draft. Push repo

- [ ] @waalge - 2025-18-02 - Edit l2-peer-spec.md reflecting on conversation

## Agenda

<!-- || - [ ] ({{PROPOSER}} -)? {{DESCRIPTION}} -->

- [x] Review of the last meeting's actionables
- Benchmarking in haskell rather than aiken 
- Can we reuse this for the tx builders in the node? Maybe, bit janky 
- Plantuml introduction
- Walk through the system diagrams
- In depth L2 analysis: 

>     - L2 spec vs MVP is it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Discussion about L2 spec in the MVP context
```

    - Negotiation is hard without full node operational context - let's introduce Watch
    - Separation of L1 and L2 keys and certification which allows reassigment of a new L2 keys
    - In depth analysis of all the operations - only normalization requires full duplex connection
- Risks at hand:

>     - Losing keys - game over, losing snapshot+cheques - funds is risk, other than that funds should be safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Losing keys - game over, losing snapshot+cheques - funds are at risk, other than that funds should be safe.
```
